Update overview.md (#931)
encoredev/encore: docs/primitives/overview.md

---
seotitle: Encore's Infrastructure SDK provides the common backend building blocks
seodesc: Learn how to build type-safe backend applications using Encore's built-in cloud primitives.
title: Infrastructure SDK
subtitle: Providing a declarative and type-safe way of using common infrastructure primitives
---

> Modern backend applications rely on a common set of infrastructure primitives for most of the behavior. To improve your development workflow, Encore's Infrastructure SDK provides a declarative way of using them directly in application code in a type-safe way. This comes with several benefits:

Author: ```suggestion
Modern backend applications rely on a common set of infrastructure primitives for most of the behavior. To improve your development workflow, Encore's Infrastructure SDK lets you declare them in application code — in a type-safe way. This comes with several benefits:
```
